Release 1.1.13 (#4318)
opencontainers/runc: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased 1.1.z]

> ## [1.1.13] - 2024-06-11

Author: Change to `2024-06-12`?

> There is no certainty in the world. This is the only certainty I have.

### Important Notes
 * If building with Go 1.22.x, make sure to use 1.22.4 or a later version.
   (see #4233 for more details)

### Fixed

 * Support go 1.22.4+. (#4313)
 * runc list: fix race with runc delete. (#4231)
 * Fix set nofile rlimit error. (#4277, #4299)
 * libct/cg/fs: fix setting rt_period vs rt_runtime. (#4284)
 * Fix codespell warnings. (#4300)
 * Fix a debug msg for user ns in nsexec. (#4315)
 * script/*: fix gpg usage wrt keyboxd. (#4316)

### Changed

 * CI fixes and misc backports. (#4241)
 * Silence security false positives from golang/net. (#4244)
 * Vagrantfile.fedora: bump Fedora to 39. (#4261)

>  * libcontainer: force apps to think fips is enabled/disabled for testing. (#4257)

Reviewer: The commit message for this change didn't make sense, this is a better way of phrasing what the change actually was:

```suggestion
 * libcontainer: allow containers to make apps think fips is enabled/disabled for testing. (#4257)
```

[1.0.1]: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/compare/v1.0.0...v1.0.1

<!-- 1.1.z patch releases -->
[Unreleased 1.1.z]: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/compare/v1.1.13...release-1.1

> [1.1.13]: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/compare/v1.1.11...v1.1.13

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1.1.13]: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/compare/v1.1.12...v1.1.13
```
